Document process for handling security vulnerabilities (#833)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/security.md

# Security

> This page documents how we handle reports of [security vulnerabilities](https://about.sourcegraph.com/security#how-to-report-a-security-vulnerability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page documents how Sourcegraph internally handles reports of [security vulnerabilities](https://about.sourcegraph.com/security#how-to-report-a-security-vulnerability).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**IMPORTANT: If you are trying to report a vulnerability with Sourcegraph, please [go here instead](https://about.sourcegraph.com/security#how-to-report-a-security-vulnerability).**
```
